hello everyone this is mr brain junkie
here and today we're going to be talking
about a sci-fi film called
coma be warned of spoilers ahead
our main protagonist is victor an
architect
he wakes up in his apartment and notices
some very strange things happening
like bits and pieces of objects are
decayed he walks out the front door and
tries to ask a man for help
but when the man turns around half of
his face and body
is missing just like the objects in his
apartment
this causes him to rush out the building
in fear
but what he sees next is even more
frightening
what victor sees is a world that is
filled with decaying objects and people
mash together in a way where normal
physics cannot apply
victor seems to be able to reconstruct
some things
when he focuses very intensely on them
before he can finish exploring this
weird place
he is met by a towering black creature
which rushes towards him with blinding
speed
he is saved however when a loud blast
appears which stuns the creature in
place
temporarily a group of three people
rescues him and they flee away
from the monster which is regenerating
very quickly
they managed to shake off the monster
but at the cost of one of the teammates
blowing himself
up and the other being injured the
girl's name in the group is fly
and she explains to victor that
everything in this place are made out of
memories of people residing here
in fact they're currently in a coma the
black creatures they call reapers
are actually brain dead individuals they
appears to turn
others into reapers as well people here
also seem to have unique
abilities such as the girl being able to
heal
our protagonist and the other man named
phantom
who appears to have super strength the
group eventually arrives at the base and
we meet
their leader called yan and it's hinted
that their mission
was in fact to retrieve the main
character
we also learned that to keep people safe
here from the reapers
they have to constantly blow up pathways
leading towards the base
since people will always remember how to
come here thus
the roads always regenerate individuals
can also dream in this world
and their dreams manifest in their
bedroom however their leader yen warns
everyone to not go into them
since they're not like memories and you
can very easily
become lost during victor's dreams that
night
we learned that he was in a car accident
before coming to this world
there are also imageries of what seems
like a cult in a hospital building
when he wakes up the dream has
manifested in his bedroom
before he heads out we see phantom going
into vector's room to have
a not so friendly chat about their
mutual interest
in fly victor did not back down from the
threats
which resulted in phantom using practice
as an excuse to beat him up
however the main protagonist was unable
to figure out
his abilities even under the stress of
being attacked
as the days go on our protagonist dreams
of more prior events
it seems like he was trying to escape
from this hospital building
but was caught in the process we also
see many individuals in hospital beds
and a syringe being forced into the main
character
it's likely that the car accident didn't
cause him to appear in this world
but rather he was put here by the
doctors the next day the group heads out
to resupply
on explosives and they bring the
architect along
they are able to locate their objective
thanks to a man
called the astronomer who has the
ability to draw maps
in this world they also have a woman
named spirits
who can sense the presence of reapers
making their journey
all that much safer with their combined
abilities
they very easily go through a secured
location with guards
however it is here that we see phantom
losing his control
and putting everyone in danger the
original plan was to be stealthy
but phantom ignores it and goes in guns
blazing
they eventually arrive at a submarine
and finds the explosives
they're looking for but to acquire it
requires some time
thanks to phantom's prior impulsive
actions the reapers become attracted
to their location combine this with his
horrible leadership
a team member almost dies from
retrieving the bomb
luckily victor figured out his abilities
and used it to save the team
apparently he's able to create any
structure his mind
is able to think of after retrieving the
bomb successfully and arriving at
headquarters
safely jan finds out about victor's
abilities
and reveals his master plan he wants the
architect to build a secure
island where no reapers can get to since
it would be a creation from the
imagination
no one would have any memories of the
place therefore they would not have to
constantly blow up roads
leading to it victor reluctantly agrees
to this plan
although his current abilities are very
unstable and struggles to barely make
simple objects not to mention a whole
island
his power does become better though with
some encouragement and suggestion from
our female protagonist
this seems to have made their
relationship closer as they hold hands
and gaze lovingly at each other the next
day the group
prepares to move out to where they'll
construct this island
before they do however we see that
phantom quietly steals one of the
devices which attracts
the reapers unsurprisingly spirit senses
reapers approaching them
not long after they left the
headquarters phantom suggests that they
scout ahead
and regroup however the architect is
quickly attacked by a reaper
but is likely saved by one of his
teammates we find out that phantom has
in fact planted the device in victor's
backpack
which caused the reapers to attack we
also see that his hand where he was
wounded before
is slowly turning into a reaper a
massacre occurs while numerous reaper
shows up
and most of the group is destroyed the
architect manages to run away with his
team
but a bright blue light soon separates
them
incredibly he wakes up regains his
consciousness
while lying on hospital bed he begins to
recollect his memories and it turns out
that he was hired by a cult leader to
build a city
because of victor's impractical designs
he continuously failed to get hired
by any other company his ex-girlfriend
who is now revealed to be fly
accompanied him to the meeting the cult
leader turns out to be jan
from the dream world he reveals his plan
to put
all his followers into a coma his
version
of heaven victor refuses but
unsuccessfully tried
to escape this resulted in both him and
his girlfriend being put
into the coma world after victor wakes
up
we see that jan has woken up as well he
threatens victor that if he doesn't
build the island like they agreed
he would kill everyone on the hospital
beds forced with little option
the main protagonist goes back into the
dream world once again
but this time he was given a medicine
which boosts
his powers victor saves the group right
before a reaper can get to them
and brings them to the place where they
are supposed to build the island
victor tells them the truth about this
world how it's only a dream
and their real bodies are in fact lying
on a hospital bed
jan arrives as well and is disappointed
at victor for revealing the secrets
he demands the architect to construct
this island like they agreed
victor closes his eyes and begins to
draw out his plans
as we see a futuristic city emerges
the architect manages to deliver his
deal but jan betrays them and plans to
kill all of them
he claims that no one who knows the
truth about heaven can exist in heaven
since they will spoil it
for the others he also reveals his
justification for this dream world
since many of the people in here have
major disabilities in the real world
he offers them a reality that is much
better than the alternative
yon's follower then unplugs the oxygen
supply for everyone
we see that one by one the teams are
turned into ashes
as their brains die out victor theorizes
that the only way for them to wake up
from this coma
is to go into their dreams in this world
they rush
back to the headquarters and enters
victor's dream portal
it becomes very hard for them to
navigate here since the environment
is not based on memories but rather
interpretations
and imaginations nonetheless they
eventually find the correct
location the last bit of detail that
victor remembered
before he passed out a picture of egypt
that was hanging in front of his bed
however the astronomer ran out of oxygen
and died as well leaving only the couple
as they walked forward they realized jon
is here as well
waiting for them a physical
confrontation begins
but victor is not strong enough just
before young can make the finishing blow
a reaper stabs him from the back it
turns out that the reaper is in fact
phantom who decides to help them out at
the last moment
before victor wakes up we see his
girlfriend turning to ashes as well
he wakes up and immediately tries to
resuscitate his girlfriend
luckily victor manages to save her and
the two
slowly makes their way out of the
building the other
cult leader hesitates but allows them to
leave
presumably because they realize that jan
their leader
is now bring dead
so what do you guys think about this
movie let me know in the comments below
and if you like my videos please press
like and subscribe for more
i'll see you guys next time
you